en: refine TLS docs; add a FAQ about task upgrade (#451)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/enable-tls.md

    It is recommended to prepare a server certificate for DM-master and DM-worker separately. Make sure that the two components can authenticate each other. You can choose to share one client certificate for dmctl.

>     To generate self-signed certificates, you can use tools based on `openssl`, such as `openssl`, `easy-rsa` and `cfssl`.

Reviewer: 这里应该是三个部分，`openssl`、`cfssl`、基于 `openssl` 的 `easy-rsa`。

Author: ```suggestion
    To generate self-signed certificates, you can use `openssl`, `cfssl` and other tools based on `openssl`, such as `easy-rsa`.
```

Reviewer: LGTM

    If you choose `openssl`, you can refer to [generating self-signed certificates](generate-self-signed-certificates.md).

2. Configure certificates.

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > DM-master, DM-worker and dmctl shares the same set of certificates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > You can configure DM-master, DM-worker, and dmctl to use the same set of certificates.
```

To reload the certificates and the keys, DM-master, DM-worker, and dmctl reread the current certificates and the key files each time a new connection is created.

> When the files specified by `ssl-ca`, `ssl-cert` or `ssl-key` are updated, restart DM components to reconnect and reload the certificates and the key files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the files specified by `ssl-ca`, `ssl-cert` or `ssl-key` are updated, restart DM components to reload the certificates and the key files and reconnect with each other.
```

> When files specified in `ssl-ca`, `ssl-cert` or `ssl-key` are updated, you can restart DM components to reconnect and reload the certificates and the key files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the files specified by `ssl-ca`, `ssl-cert` or `ssl-key` are updated, restart DM components to reconnect and reload the certificates and the key files.
```

1. Configure the upstream database, enable the encryption support, and set the server certificate. For detailed operations, see [Using encrypted connections](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/using-encrypted-connections.html).

> 2. Set the MySQL Client Certificate in the source configuration file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Set the MySQL client certificate in the source configuration file:
```

    > **Note:**
    >
    > Make sure that all DM-master and DM-worker components can read the certificates and the key files via specified paths.

    ```yaml
    from:
        security:
            ssl-ca: "/path/to/mysql-ca.pem"
            ssl-cert: "/path/to/mysql-cert.pem"
            ssl-key: "/path/to/mysql-key.pem"
    ```

### Enable encrypted data transmission for downstream TiDB

1. Configure the downstream TiDB to use encrypted connections. For detailed operatons,  refer to [Configure TiDB to use encrypted connections](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/enable-tls-between-clients-and-servers#configure-tidb-to-use-encrypted-connections).

> 2. Set the TiDB Client Certificate in the task configuration file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Set the TiDB client certificate in the task configuration file:
```
